Now each of these built ins has a symbol that species access or property on it.
And basically what it does is it returns the keyword this.
So in other words it always returns the constructor function.
To illustrate this you were going to implement a very similar functionality on our own class so monologist
commonalties cancelled out logs right here just so you can kind of see it more clearly.
When we start logging things saw a new class and will call at my class and inside of here I'm going
to do a static accessor property that will be called symbol symbol dot species like so and then inside
of here I'm just going to return the keyword this which is the same as returning the constructor function.
Then I'm going to define the constructor function with a parameter of value and set this value equal
to value.
And then after that I'm going to do a clone method.
Now I'm going to explain the rhyme and the reason behind this in a second but just kind of type along
with me for now.
So what I'll do is inside of here going to do return.
New this constructor
brackets symbol dot species invocation pass in this stock value like so.
OK.
So essentially what this means right here is this dot constructor symbol.
And I'm going to comment this symbol symbol dot species like so.
This returns the class returns class.
OK.
So the reason that we do this is to basically be able to create an instance of our class inside of an
instance method right here so this is a way for us to return an instance of the class and that's why
we use the new keyword right here.
Notice I didn't include the new keyword in this definition.
This just returns the class in this case.
We want to return an instance of the class so we add the new keyword right here.
But the reason you would want to do this instead of using the constructor function directly is first
it gives us the ability to create instances of this class from within an instance of that class.
And on top of that it's very easy to override what class this returns.
So in other words it allows us to do what we did up here which is to essentially override what class
gets returned or what instance gets returned in this case and instead of returning the built in right
here an instance of the builtin we return an instance of our own class whenever we invoke this instance
method.